>> Todd Gardner: Let's
talk about improving LCP,
the largest contentful paint.
This is our first of
the core web vital metrics,
the ones that actually matter for SEO.
If you recall, LCP is how fast your site
visibly loads the most important elements,
aka the largest element.
That's what we're trying to measure.
How fast does the largest
thing actually show?
Why have we spent all the time talking
about these other things before
we got here?
Because they are components.
Because by improving TTFB and FCP,
we made LCP better automatically.
We shrunk the time that we were waiting
for those things along the way.
But if we look at LCP and how LCP breaks
down there's three kind of parts of LCP.
There's the resource delay, the resource
duration and the render delay.
So the resource that we're talking about
here is LCP is usually a resource.
It's usually an image or a video.
It tends to be those things.
It's not always those things, but
nine times out of ten, it's an image.
And so how long is the delay before
we can start downloading our image?
That's the resource delay.
That's a lot of what we
fixed with TTFB and FCP.
Is we're trying to make the delay to get
to that LCP element as small as we could.
And then the resource duration, what
we're gonna focus the most on right now,
is how can we make getting that
LCP element as fast as we can.
And then what's usually 99.9%
of the time not a problem,
is the render delay,
which is you have the element,
you're ready to show it but
there's too much JavaScript in the way and
I can't get a render event together
to actually show this thing.
Largely, that's not an issue for
almost anybody except people who use
obnoxiously huge amounts of JavaScript.
Let's take a quick baseline of
where we're at with LCP right now.
In fact,
we don't even need to rerun a profile.
We should have it if we
back this up a little bit.
So if we zoom out, we see, here's FCP.
Here's DOM content loaded.
And if we back way, way out,
because LCP is still a problem.
LCP is hanging out here at 14.26 seconds.
It's happening way out here.
And honestly, if you're just looking
at this, you can kind of just tell,
because of how simple this site is,
what LCP is.
Does anybody have a guess of
what the LCP resource is?
>> Student: Hero mobile.
>> Todd Gardner: It's hero mobile because
LCP is happening right at the time
that hero mobile was done.
We can even check that if we
go in here into console and
pop open LCP, you'll notice that
there's two LCP events here.
You may have noticed that.
And that's because there was a thing
that was the largest at some
reasonable amount of time.
And it said, the largest thing so
far has been 0.625 seconds.
But then 14 seconds later,
a larger thing rendered which updated LCP.
>> Todd Gardner: So LCP,
the element in question,
hero mobile,
which is a file at 1.7 megabytes.
That's 1200 by 1200 pixels, and that's the
thing that is stopping us from loading.
So before you start using any of these
tactics, remember make sure you need to
worry about this, check what your LCP
value is based on your real data or
your Crux, if you're already less than
2.5 seconds, you're probably good.
You probably don't need to worry about it.
In our case, we're at what,
14 seconds, 15 seconds, 14.25 seconds.
In my case we definitely need it.
So what are the tactics
in order to improve LCP?
Well, one,
we're gonna do even more lazy loading.
Lazy loading is the best.
We're gonna do a bunch of stuff.
Second, we're gonna play
with eager loading,
which is the opposite of lazy loading.
And then third,
we're gonna talk about optimizing images,
because nine times out of ten
the big image is the LCP thing.
So figuring out how to make images
super efficient improves a lot of
web performance problems.